Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Don't be scared.
Hey?
Tucker?
Breathe. Just breathe.
It's clean.
Radiation?
No. no radiation.
No neurological damage.
Where's Holden?
She crossed over.
That puts you in command.
- We need to report.
- Yes.
How long until
the tide comes back in?
Six hours and 45 minutes.
OK. We'll use that time
to gather data.
I want to report results
by then.
Let's gear up.
I'm gonna do
the first recon on my own.
Blake. Can you hear me?
- First recon underway at 8:17.
- Copy.
Argh...
What's it like out there?
Still flat.
We should go into detail.
What ya got?
Are you seeing this?
Confirming
biogeochemical recycling.
This exceeds
the model's predictions.
Can you classify?
Chelicerata.
Clearly a reproductive.
I'm guessing
internal fertilisation.
We should test.
It's too soon.
We've been away from Kepler's
radiation for 563 days.
It's worth a shot.
Run the biometer.
That's an order.
Erythrocyte count
is normal range.
- Yeah. haemoglobin's the same.
- Minor reduction in leukocytes.
Well. that's a good sign.
right?
Negative.
Hey. Blake.
At least it's a prospect.
Moving on.
Blake?
I'm tracking some weather.
I'm getting a high
humidity reading.
The patterns
are changing real fast.
Copy. What are they?
Ah... Aurelia aurita.
They reproduce
both sexually and asexually.
- What happened?
- It stung me.
Your vitals are fine.
They have these barbs
on their tentacles.
Maybe I should've
warned you about that.
Thank you.
Blake. the weather's
getting worse.
It's probably
a storm coming in.
Let's send
what we've got so far.
Our next communication window
is in four hours
and five minutes.
Copy.
I lost visibility.
You better come back to base.
I'll shoot you a flare.
Got it. Coming in.
- That was quick.
- What was?
- You.
- But I'm still two clicks away.
Tucker?
Tucker. do you copy?
Blake. go again.
- What's going on?
- I don't know.
–
- Tucker!
- –
Help! Blake!
Help!
- What happened?
- They came out of nowhere.
Survivors?
Mmm.
I'm going to get you the meds.
- Hey!
- Agi!
My colleague
needs medical help!
I saw a child. Tucker.
A child.
Keep pressure on it.
Enugoro! Ordu!
Kumit. Kick na ooke.
Hilfen.
Hilfoken.
I need my medical equipment.
- Do you understand me?
- Mayi ye nel ye.
Narvik!
Where is it?
In the pod.
–
Mish griev.
Men ai nochte zere.
Then hold him still.
I said keep him still!
Tucker?
- Tucker.
- Blake...
A whole community.
I saw babies.
Babies. Tucker!
- We have to let Kepler know.
- How?
They destroyed the pod...
the panel. everything...
but I spotted the biometer.
We'll just have to gain
their trust.
Maybe we can find
the Ulysses 1.
- I've lost too much blood.
- You don't have to do this.
I'll only slow you down.
Base orders.
If we pose a threat
to the mission. we have...
No. you're my fertility match.
87%. remember?
Without transmission...
none of this even matters.
Go.
Get the biometer.
Find the Ulysses 1.
Maybe he's still alive.
For the many.
I have something for you.
I'm gonna give you one...
and I'm gonna take
this one for me.
My father got them
from his father.
What is it?
Don't be scared.
Every time the second moon
passes Cygnus
you light a match...
and wherever I am...
in a ship or on a planet
far. far away...
I'll do the same.
And before
the last one's gone...
we'll be together again.
I promise.
Daddy. please don't leave me.
What does Kepler teach us.
Louise?
We will not think
about ourselves.
We will not let
our emotions guide us.
We do this for the many.
Please.
- For the many. Louise.
- I don't want
- to be here without you.
- Say it. For the many.
- For the many.
- Again. why do we do it?
- Yes. say it. for the many.
That's why we do it.
for the many.
Good.
For the many.
For the many. For the many.
Oh!
Hey!
Help!
Help me!
She was called Mother Earth.
It's close enough to the sun
to have water
air and fire.
There used to be
tropical jungles
and mighty forests
breathing oxygen for us.
And we couldn't stay?
No. we plundered
everything she offered.
Now. you see.
we can take this...
That's it.
This is the seedling
of a plant called "a tree".
Will they ever grow?
No. not here.
Maybe I should take them
with me. what do you think?
You had a signal?
Yeah. I did.
We left all these weather
stations around the globe.
And to our surprise.
we got some data
from one of the weather
stations right here.
This one. It's called
the "Henderson Hub".
It seems like there's
a new area of regeneration.
I mean. of course.
it's miles away
from any former
human civilisation
but that's a good thing.
Because humans basically
spoiled the rest of the Earth.
Listen. if...
if what we find promises
to be true and it's safe...
I'll send for you. alright?
You promise?
- I promise.
- Five. four...
three. two...
one. ignition!
For the many.
For the many. For the many.
- For the many.
- For the many. For the many.
Back in grot.
Hey! I'm thirsty!
I need water!
Yas di iey iech?
Where did you get this?
Hey.
Can you get that...
that red case?
The boy has it.
Can you get it from him?
No. the red case.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Wien ar vu?
Wien... ar... vu?
- Oh. where am I from?
- Frams eiland?
Earth.
Aarda?
Yes.
And very far away from here
there is another planet.
Kepler 209.
Aarda? Wai kira?
Why we came to Earth?
People...
I mean. there are
no babies anymore.
No kinders?
Maila.
I'm Blake.
OK. Maila...
if you could find
this thing for me.
Can you bring it to me?
Shh!
–
Laat me!
Huej!
Laat me! Laat me!
Shh. shh. shh.
Maila?
Maila!
Mama! Mama!
Mama!
Mama?
Narvik.
Wier jir gan?
Umsoyak hur hahr.
Eiker cum kjeareah.
Who were those people?
Who were they?
Maila. she...
She's your sister?
Daughter.
Where's her father?
Flood took him.
Why are you following me?
I wanna help you.
You just want your stuff back!
Nje! Nje!
Maila.
- What are you doing?
- They're leaving.
- That's just a flare gun.
- If they leave. she's gone!
Listen to me! Shoot in the air.
- Shoot in the air.
- What?
They'll be distracted.
while we free her.
Trust me! Give it to me!
- Narvik!
- Ah!
Huej! Weasmea!
Oy. wegladea!
Oy.
- Jea.
- Joa sortan wealech.
Wa je skear je.
Huej! Heuj! Heuj!
Nje!
Joa komm me!
Kaam! Kaam!
Kom!
Paling!
Werk.
Skirra!
Far hahr oop.
Til Kumin avic me.
Blake!
Where hedoen vous
veined deehea?
Vjimay yiz deehea?
Stop.
Take off your cape.
Take it off.
Hands up.
Hands up!
Mind your head.
Wait here.
You're not from here.
Are you an astronaut?
She is.
I can't believe it.
Welcome!
We've waited so long.
I'm Gibson.
Louise Blake. sir.
Louise?
Oh. God. I remember you.
You were...
his size the last time
I saw you.
Well. I'm sorry you didn't
receive a warmer welcome.
What happened to your crew?
They crossed.
We had a malfunction
after entering the stratosphere.
Have you communicated
with Kepler?
No. the people we encountered
damaged the pod.
Well. the people here.
they're...
hot-headed.
But we still have the biometer.
We developed it on Kepler
to measure biochemical changes.
It's specialised in fertility.
Your men took it.
It must be here somewhere.
Can it transmit?
Not by itself.
I figured I could connect it
to the Ulysses 1's transmitters.
I'm afraid the Ulysses 1
was completely destroyed.
And my father?
The people of Kepler
owe him a huge debt.
What happened?
Shortly after sending
our last status report
we encountered the survivors.
"Muds". we called them.
We were stunned
these people had survived.
Your father. in particular.
was very good with them.
And then. we were waiting for
the next communication window
to send our report to trigger
the Kepler homecoming...
and they rebelled.
erupted in violence
destroyed everything
including the Ulysses 1
our only means
of communication.
It was...
mystifying...
after we'd offered them so much.
Stafford was killed that day...
and so was your father.
It's so dangerous here. we've
been forced to arm ourselves.
We found weapons in one of
the abandoned ships.
But we're running out
of arsenal.
Daddy?
Can I give her a present?
Come.
It's a Space Shuttle.
I had a bit of trouble
with the nose cone.
Very nice. Neil
but off you go now.
with your mother.
He's excited you came.
Is he your son?
I adopted him.
What's the situation on Kepler?
Much worse.
All reproductive technology
efforts failed
for both men and women.
Well...
it's imperative now
that we bring our people
and realise
your father's vision.
How do we handle
Kepler's arrival?
Tide waters. mudflats.
unstable sediment
make it extremely complex.
A dam across
the mouth of the estuary.
This way. we'll finally
hold back the sea.
But the rebellion
set back our progress.
Almost all the work
had to stop.
Are those turbines?
Your father realised the tides
might provide a source of...
Hydroelectricity.
He knew the constant
ebb and flow of the water
could power a whole community.
It's not just for us.
Have you noticed how hardly any
of the Muds is older than 30?
It's the conditions
they live under.
Twice a day.
stricken by mist and tide.
We have to take care
of future generations.
Give them the...
...the chance of civilisation.
Sir?
Cabin is ready.
The shower works.
but the water's a bit cloudy.
Right. I'll leave you
for the night.
Gibson.
Thank you.
I'm so pleased that
you're here with us now.
For the many.
Carbon dioxide...
oxygen...
water vapour?
Very good. and?
- Nitrogen?
- Nitrogen. Very good.
See that orange glow is made
out of tiny atoms of carbon.
Can you imagine that moment...
when humans
first discovered fire?
Suddenly. we could
control the elements.
I brought you
some fresh clothes.
Thank you.
Children.
We have an incredibly
special visitor today.
Shh. shh. shh!
Children. this is Louise Blake.
Would you like
to say something?
- Welcome. Miss Blake.
- Very good.
We will perform
what we've learnt.
Stand up.
They've waited a long time
to perform for a Kepler.
And...
♪ We were lost. alone in space ♪
♪ So far from home
in airless waste ♪
♪ Alone within
our star-filled dome ♪
♪ No countryside
in which to roam ♪
♪ We endured
that we may endure ♪
♪ To make our destiny secure ♪
♪ To find a land of hope
and plenty ♪
♪ For the many. for the many ♪
Well done. children.
Sit down now.
Do you mind if they ask you
a few questions?
- No. of course.
- Sit.
- Any questions?
- Sir!
- Mr Gibson!
- Damek.
Can you swim on Kepler?
We have simulation pools.
but there's no...
lake or oceans.
- Do you like it here?
- Yes.
I like it here. I mean. it's
a bit wet sometimes. but...
Remember on Kepler. it's dry.
and it's arid. very rocky
so when you go outside.
you need to wear a respirator
and people live
inside these huge...
- Biodomes.
- Well done. Lexi!
Very good. Any more questions?
Do you miss home?
Well. actually. I'm hoping that
this could become my home.
Any more questions?
No. that... that's enough.
That's enough. I think.
What do you want to say.
children?
Thank you. Miss Blake!
Why aren't you at school?
I get private lessons.
Are you good at maths?
Test me.
What's 83 times 76?
6.308.
What's 67 times 54?
3.618.
Do you want to know a secret?
It's called a "tree".
Do you know. they used to be
as big as me...
and everywhere?
Imagine...
- Who taught you this?
- What?
The tree.
Christopher Columbus.
He lives in a cabin
next to the engine room.
I talk to him
through the pipes.
Show me.
I'm not allowed to go there.
I'm sorry I lied to you.
Why is he in there?
- Give me a chance to explain.
- Just tell me why?
The rebellion I told you about.
It wasn't the Muds who led it.
it was your father.
- You're lying.
- No. Blake.
Why would he do that?
He fell in love...
with a Mud woman.
Forgot whose side he was on.
I guess.
Open the door.
Papa.
Louise.
Oh. Louise.
I missed you so much.
Louise...
I'm sorry.
Papa.
Is it true?
You betrayed us?
Fifteen years I waited
to hear from you.
I did everything to be sent
on this mission
just to know what had
happened to you.
And you gave up on me?
I did.
You gave up on Kepler?
Why?
I had to stop it.
- Stop what?
- The mistakes.
I don't understand.
Can't you see
what's going on here?
Kepler shouldn't come back.
Louise.
None of us
should have come back.
Louise!
He ruined everything we'd
worked so hard to achieve.
In the end. nothing changes
the fact he's still from Kepler.
That's the Henderson Hub?
They wanted to
destroy that. too.
But we stopped them.
I'll transmit from there.
It's just a weather station.
But it's intact. right?
I could connect
the biometer to it.
And send what?
Kepler wants proof that
we could procreate here.
It looks like my TSH levels
have recovered.
We'll find the biometer.
I'll send Paling now.
Our predecessors failed us
in so many ways
but this was one of
their greatest inventions.
- For the many.
Again?
- Soup!
- Neil.
Dyen korse.
I'm still learning
their language.
The vocabulary is remarkable.
They have...
thirteen different words
for water.
Fourteen. Daddy.
It depends on what it does.
Saltwater.
Drinking water.
- Floodwater...
- You know what. Neil?
You should be our interpreter
when they come.
I don't want to be
an interpreter.
I want to be an astronaut.
saving people's lives.
You're thinking of a superhero.
not an astronaut.
He found some old comics.
But you saved my life.
Your favourite story. isn't it?
Munay. why don't you
tell it to Blake?
When I delivered Neil
his...
"Naelsnora"?
Umbilical cord.
It was wrapped around his neck.
Out there. in the ocean
both Neil and I
would be dead now.
This man saved our life.
He cut my stomach open.
got the baby out
treated my wounds.
And then he made us
into his family.
Dramatic way to start a family.
- Fish balls!
- Neil...
No. Neil!
Use a knife and fork.
You're a civilised human being.
for God's sake.
Oh. don't worry.
it's just a blackout.
Happens from time to time.
Sir. we were looking
for the biometer
when there
has been an intrusion.
Someone took out the guards
by the generators
and killed the power.
Secure this floor.
Have all guards check
every entrance.
- Yes. sir.
- You take Neil
lock yourself in.
Mummy?
- I'll check the corridors.
- You're safest in your room.
That's an order.
Maila. where is she?
Where is she?
Take me to her.
Alright.
OK.
Maila?
Huej!
Naskiratsi tsi strap pissot!
- Huej!
- Maila!
Ma! Ma!
Mama!
Lemnach ma Mama ensama!
What the fuck
is going on here? Enough!
Ma!
Narvik.
- Stop!
- Mama!
Stop it! You stop it!
Mama!
What did you say?
Take this thing away.
Lemnach ma Mama ensama!
They only take the girls.
Mama! Mama!
Mama!
Are you OK?
You will be fine.
- What will happen to her?
- Shh.
Better if we are not talking.
You have his eyes.
How's the throat?
I'll survive.
I'm sorry you got
caught up in all this.
Narvik has quite a temper.
You know her name?
She was one of the guards
who turned against us.
They hate us.
She just wanted her daughter.
She's a Kepler daughter now.
Why only girls?
Let me ask you this.
What's the average age
of our females back home?
Maybe late. mid-40s?
Assuming they leave now
most of them will be
in their 50s
by the time they arrive.
Do the maths. Blake.
Even if their fertility
is restored
it'll be too late
for most of them to conceive.
We need a diverse
and vigorous gene pool.
They are children.
They won't be by the time
our people arrive.
So is this our mission?
To ensure we don't die out?
Absolutely.
In case you didn't notice.
Gibson
the human race doesn't
actually need us to survive.
You sound just
like your father.
They're not like us.
We can repopulate our planet.
Our current predicament
calls for a measure
of expediency.
If you have an alternative.
please...
enlighten me.
Paling.
It was on the tugboat.
Thank you.
Now. Paling is a perfect
example of a Mud
who worked out
what's best for him.
Where is it?
- Where is it?
- It must be back at the camp.
- Daddy. Daddy!
- Shut up!
When the tide comes in.
you and Paling...
you're gonna go back there
and find the damn thing.
And Narvik?
She'll be executed at dawn.
Are you still with us. Blake?
Yes. sir.
Keep an eye on her.
What's that?
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Blake!
Listen to me.
We're gonna find your mother.
Ma?
Yes. Ma.
Open the door!
It's alright. Just wait here.
Stay there.
Captain's order. open!
I have to search your cabin.
One of the girls is missing.
I'm curious.
What was it like
being on Kepler...
with no one?
Must make a woman hungry...
to feel life inside.
Have a seat.
Come.
Paling!
Let's go.
Varidi es hou heir?
Con vous yjelp mezure
fjyend dai tochlett?
Vous net hier!
No vous fier! No vous...
Ma!
Maila!
Come!
Mama? Mama?
Let's get out of here.
Louise.
What's going on here?
Come and see this.
Why are they going there?
Gibson never leaves the ship.
Never.
How did you get this?
It's Neil.
He sends me surprises.
It was in there all the time.
What? What was?
The biometer.
They want the proof
that we can procreate here.
But there's none on there.
No. No!
He has the proof.
He has it with him.
- What do you mean? What proof?
- Neil is the proof.
Neil is a Kepler.
Whatever Gibson told you.
it's a lie.
We have to stop him.
You have to stop him.
Louise.
Louise?
I never lit the last one.
Come!
Go!
Stop it!
- No. please!
- Drop the gun!
- Please!
- He's your own flesh and blood.
Please!
- Tell her!
- It's true!
He's your brother.
Drop the gun.
- You don't think I'll do it?
- No!
No. please. Gibson!
No! No!
Mama!
Drop the gun.
- Drop it!
- Mama!
No. Mama!
Mama!
It's sent!
Wake up!
Blake.
Go to him. Louise.
He trusts you.
Hey...
Can I sit down?
My father got this
from his father.
He told me it must be
handled with care.
Now it's yours.
He must have named you
after one of them.
Are they coming?
Maybe.
How many?
All of them.
Will they bring some trees?
Possibly.